okay now we're gonna get into the actual
level after a slang
this is not too long live alone so we
start off in this sort of like years
levitating kind of level edge up on the
top 12 your things and lower the red
view I don't love some more you can go
down and go up on more and more and you
basically you want to open up elevator
that was all right there are over
we get all the night Roseanne off your
own green with white and actually get it
for this level so like three reference
videos we see what emotions are food
dumps we've done is watch these four
parts which is things for mike's
fountainry 1214 we go
that's the low-level school
yeah usually the lovely simple but some
of these jumps you gotta find that
history maybe we like getting up space
to make it you can't be a sloppy joe why
can't you on the web so those are all
those rotors the point when things on
some weight little wait wait wait
rosanna lee where's things are actually
buying and we'll go back plate verticals
if you don't hurry up and you can see
affect our got screwed over by this
I got a phone call as I was going up to
my shame I ran off with a ring oh well
why cause emotional home run off or I
think actually that's it more info out
boy so I went down a couple levels when
I did that the ones up I was near for
the back pretty thing again so I can
jump on again as you can tell here's
what happened
yeah my friend was calling me and it was
a reflex I didn't jump all the way
we see the verbiage around so I rubbish
dumped on me again but I forgot you
actually have at least helping you jump
down 3-ball goes my dog when he was 8 I
was like girl I didn't have any more RAM
most probable good then you can see he
we just barely jump on the years and
onto the roads have been forgiven your
feet of space so I did you saw my crush
that when you know that much layaway
boat gets out alive
this point for uses of exotic awesome
the last one now we can draw to the
elevator
I am in the next one